# Ruby on Rails Sample application

This application has a Home page where a user can go and Signup for the application. After signing up for the application user can write posts which other users can read. There is also an option for following other users so that you can read their posts in your status feed. Users also have a settings page where they can change their personal details like name, email id, etc. User can also change his photo which is linked to his Gravatar Account corresponding to the given email id. Each user has a Profile page where he can see his current profile picture. On the profile page user can see all the posts he has posted till now and he can also delete anyone of the posts. Posts on the user’s feed and profile page are sorted according to the date of creation. On the profile page I have also provided links for Following and Followers page which have links to the profile pages of the users you are following and the users who are following you respectively. When any user is signed in the Home page of the website is different, it consist of a form where user can type whatever he wants to post. The Home page also consists of a feed where user can see posts of all the people he is following and his own posts as well. A user can click on the Users link to see all the users which have signed up for the application and checkout their profile as well as their posts. There are other links provided on the application like About, Contact, News, etc which are there for help and provide the functionality as suggested by their name. 
